no
in oral surgery and in particular
world in implantology a practice
Incorrect septic can seriously
put regeneration at risk
tissue and subsequent bone
system integration an assistant
adequately protected proceeds to
surface cleaning and disinfection
with suitable products
the different parts of the unit come
coated with disposable protections ad
barrier effect is thus possible
drastically reduce the risk of
several cross-infection studies have
proved that the risk of
contamination is particularly high
during surgery for
reduce these risks and a good rule a
to establish strict protocols in the
which operating procedures are adopted
Asian
at the end of this phase proceed to
patient preparation
the assistant after wearing a
new pair of gloves check that the
gown packaging is not
damaged and that the label shows
a valid expiration date
the goal is to isolate the field
operative from possible contamination
external
shoe covers allow for storage
the bacterial load in the environment
surgical the assistant proceeds to
perioral tissue disinfection
by scrubbing with a
sterile saline solution
the movements will always be the faces from
lips to the outside
the subsequent use of the oil afterwards
Gel bin allows disinfection
the skin without irritating not avoiding things
to pay attention to the surface is the object
of surgery